[Music]
Also, you have asked how long I
estimate the series will last, the series
of the series, I think it has a time, I
think it has an estimated time, it is
no longer the plan, I don't know, it's two months or three,
something like that, but I think it
has it, okay,
there are people who have
publicly criticized, I
think that the part of the salt channels or
criticism channels that surely today have
released videos, I don't know because they are very
disconnected, no, but a few weeks ago,
no, 20, 28 days,
28 days,
how few, yes, even less or less, well, there are
people like for example, pato
quepan todas cual arnos who have
criticized this attitude, apart from
salt channels or criticism channels
and so on, no, yes, they have criticized this attitude, okay, I
bet things, as we are, sincerely, what you
are asking for here is a place,
you know the amount of people you move and
the pressure that is put on is a lot and it can be
overwhelming,
reconsider and congratulations to the
guests, I don't
understand, I don't understand, but well,
let's see what Carola said,
Carola has also been left out, let's
see, there is sugar  hello let's
relate to your extract commenting on this
topic but not without first putting an
advertisement that is very good pay attention one
moment one moment one moment family
because I have to sponsor you these
beautiful wireless headphones that I have
been using for a few
months now on my cell phone an
almost exact replica of the typical ipad I have
used them almost daily for
months now and the truth is that they have very good
quality they sound outrageously
good an incredible battery that lasts
more than 24 hours it is compatible with both
android and them and it is so easy to
use that even years that I charge the
tablets in the sun I am able to connect it
simply open it and connect it to your
iphone or your android and they sound
divinely plus they have this novelty that I
love which is that it is beautiful
okay it is a charger that you
connect it here you leave it on your
work table wherever you like it is a
charger that you only have to put
this here
and it is already charging very handsome
boomer freaking out with the new
technologies plus they are divinely
priced you know that the originals
cost something like between 180 to 250
euros and this replica although it has a
price of 69 the charger is worth seven
euros with the code of the story that you
have here in the link and I
tell you Oliveira or it will be very
cheap look at my weapon buy code
Oliveira a 29 with 40 euros my weapon or so
wonderful gestures so nothing
take advantage of the offer I already tell you it is very
good and I love the charger it is
super good take advantage now that
the kings are coming and buy the pack or buy
a few whatever you want with the
discount code Oliveira link in the
description we are going to buy whatever you
want some headphones now you
buy it but today they sent me audios the
lady hurt because I have been
announcing it there many times
and to know the order opinion to the
lordship because I like those and to continue
collaborating with this framework I do not always
like to find out if you are going to the
most fixed collaboration and they have told me that it has
arrived sub that arrive super fast
the headphones that arrive super fast
that they sound great that they
sound great it has arrived to me
great I am listening to it during
the trip it is using them during
trip to me the truth is but I wanted
people to give me their opinion no and in
the lordship it sweeps in the lordship it has
swept that they have arrived super fast
super well and all that roll so
happy I will continue collaborating with them
well as I have said let's listen to what
Caro has said Carolina
Carolyn is no longer afraid today if it can be
big for you and guys it
is very clear how you say something to XXVI
clutch to someone not to Rubios or for not
being I [ __ ] on your dead does not
represent me it is [ __ ] of course
you see that I am angry but that
we are not adults
nothing happens guys we are going to do ram it
is that I see wool involved with other
organizers I imagine that the people
who organize for example tortilla at
night are organized by
Auro and colleagues no then for example
when the play was closed otherwise they did not
organize it a little I also think that it
puts part but above all also with
the part of Jack and then they are groups
of different people and here well it is seen that it
is other people like the FBI people who rub shoulders
with him or whatever I am not here  in other
people that don't fall into the other series
okay because here there are many that I don't
even know by name because there are some
that I only know by name but
others fall that are missing others that are there others it is
seen
because they are mature sed that it is not their
fault if in the end think that there are many
people they have to put in what is fair and
necessary and those that they want to throw
their point server this is like that you know your
private server and your mind is removed it comes
out of the dick but it is not because of that
you have malcolm x or with iu but
simply because of the place that there are so many
people who have to think the same
security of one does not have any
problem this is worth normality and ticos
for do not say anything please I
ask you please do not say say anything
files end of the mystery
better than more rocker mick the crack
troll and not esparta luz and sandy bay inchi
and tarus with cobos or cobos this is coco is
longer and I come here it
is longer air or is it up to here
what I do not know is what people like
felipe look like who throw [ __ ] at the fbi at the fbi
at rugby
that I do not have when events to  people
up to there of course it doesn't say more
and then it's so they say for example it hasn't
been so is in the clip now
paulo had put how are you
and it has been discussed with
people also on twitter because of the fact that they have
canceled it for asking also okay
but we see the click
to start with the roll okay because I see
that there is a lot there is a lot of commotion there with
new lake god has given me well yes you
are making the creator of the series uncomfortable
for putting that I don't know what I don't know how much let's
see I'm going to make one thing clear okay
everyone is talking now to all the
creators are writing in
alex vi's post putting if you have space such
efe I don't know how much it is worth all all the
creators of absolutely Spanish speaking
all those who are not in the series are
trying in some way to get into the
series because no longer literally
have faith if it is needed to all of us
literally it is not a lie this is
saying that all absolutely the
creators who are in the series
also trying to get in no
lie that
because anyone who gives us content would
like to be in a series like that or
the pnc
look at my ego
I would not dislike guys I think that  we
would leave I have
n't played that game my [ __ ] life
but oh well
but look that lady is still the same
obviously I can't go through that I don't have
time
okay I'll take it aside that I was going to see you there are
people who think that the fact of
getting involved is the mistake that
drillers always have you climb them because that's what there is
no one who shines on their
own who shines on their own and has
something there are
people who maybe get a number
no and in the end they have a verified account on
twitter or you have a lot of viewers
a lot of followers
because they hang out with people okay but there are
people who have their spark there are people who
have their brilliance okay and they shine on their
own and if it doesn't
explode because I trained Golan then it will
explode because a tweet is liberalized
man a video goes viral or
because a thousand things okay if it doesn't explode this
year because it will explode next okay but it's
people who think that the simple
fact of getting into a series like this is going to make them
explode it's going to
make them succeed
here there are people
and I would say more than half
surely more than half
here there is more than half of the man that
I don't have a [ __ ]  idea of who they are
or maybe it's just hearing the names, I've
heard some names but if they
address me if I see them on the street I don't know
what face they have
or what face or what voice
more than half of us here and I am a
sal seo channel that I think I am from
Spain the most famous sal seo channel I
mean with this that I have talked about
all the youtubers I have criticized many
youtubes spoken that we comment where
controversies of salc of everything just knowing
everyone even if it is seen well from here
more than half I have no [ __ ] idea
who they are and you are telling me that they
were there last year also why
because getting in here even if you get involved with
the big ones it's like if you get down on your
knees it doesn't guarantee that you are going to become
famous that it will squeeze it
in law
there are people who stand out that have spark and
that shine and you put them there it is a moment
to shine
but if not they would not open there but they
put them there there are people who maybe they don't
put them there they shine somewhere else they
jump when they have to jump jump they know somewhere
else
but there are some that not even if they put them
there there are some  that even though those
involved in tortilla have been
informing me, they keep informing me, I have been
trying to talk to people from Golan and
how can you get in and
such and sometimes they say, well, if it ca
n't be, it can't be, but well, it's
impossible for them to invite you,
the question is creating content, okay, I
shouldn't make this super uncomfortable, but
because it is uncomfortable,
because it is uncomfortable, Andrea, why uncomfortable, why uncomfortable, of course it
is uncomfortable, friends, if you
take a tweet that is not a tweet who
wants to participate, I'm not saying
who wants to participate, I
tell him it
's not the source of desires,
people are saying,
uncomfortable, if you have, how many followers does
this man have,
can you play the role, okay, because I
see that there is a lot, there is a lot of fuss there
with New Side, if you have 300
guests and followers, whatever you have on
Twitter and you start saying that you
want to get into tourism, people are going to put
pressure on you and in the end it's putting pressure on
yours, on the other, on the other, on the
other, on the other hotels, on a
lot, from there putting pressure on
Levy to get someone in who hasn't been
invited, if he would like him to be
in the series,
already  you see is that I understand it I already
understand from what I understand the fame
that I have put to get in you would like to
be in a series that has fame in the
top series of the moment that the secrets
of the moment in which they are doing at
each moment of the hiniesta people not
when in Marbella Marbella when it is
tortilla the tortilla is worth it I do not understand
but if you do not know what was
organizing
well when you are telling someone hey
how to get in it is that you
have no contact with the law and
imagine if you make tortilla well if you
get along with augur
I imagine that they asked them
directly today it is closed I
can still get in it is more times if you know
on this occasion it is the ego the ball you have to
ask the FBI without a doubt so it is that you have
no
contact with the FBI that is why you are
putting in the well or rather that is how it is it is
irremediable
but that is good because that is how
the idiots are uncovered on twitter they
should feel good because everyone
wants to get in clear little
crystals faces the little crystals of the
eggs the [ __ ] little crystals of the
balls teo what's the point they're the same but still
nothing's happening I mean I'm
excited they'll be talking I've already said what I've
said repeatedly that
I would like but I already told you that I
probably wouldn't be there and I probably wouldn't be there
and above all they're taking it to get in of course it's
clear
hello thanks two best ones will be primed for
sure and another list but
nothing's happening I mean even if it's not full
next view and nothing nothing's happening it
's just I've spoken with more
creators of said draw well it would be cool they'll
be on the ball you know it's spoken with
expertise side with x well I speak with a
lot of people I said I have well it would be
water and they're denying the nit to you know
sometimes
in the end we're all
content creators we all want to be in the
top series of the year
if it feels good and if we continue
with people like that it's clear if I've
said it
but nothing's happening I mean at the end of the
golan it's something that lasts a little bit but it would
be that they participate let's see it's very
clear
if we would be in participate but that
expression doesn't apply to me friends
[Music]